    Codepen URL: https://codepen.io/nesturino/pen/xxZxwmQ?editors=1100
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It's HTML tags that convey meaning to a person using screen readers.
    It tells the person what part of the page they're looking at.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to structure a webpage's text, images, and buttons.  It acts like a
    blueprint for any website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute gives additionally information to a tag, such as an image source or a
    clas name or ID.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 is used to mark the main header of a website.  It should only be used once.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    both img and a tags require attributes (src and href respectively).

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    This is where all the meta data for an HTML document goes.  Tags that link to your
    external css and javascript files, for example.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a name that you give an element within it's opening tag that will help
    identify it.  Unlike a class, each element can only have one unique ID.  The same
    id name cannot be used for more than one element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    an ID can be added to any html element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    An id can only be used once on a page.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a name that you give to one or more HTML elements to target all elements that
    have that matching class name.  It's used to add a style rule to all elements that share that
    class name, keeping your code DRY.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class can be added to any HTML element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    There is no limit to the amount of times you can add the same class to any element.
    It can be added to as many elements as you'd like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    By adding the target="_blank" attribute to an element that has a clickable link.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    The alt attribute is used to describe, in words, what the image is about in the 
    event that the image cannot be seen, either from it not loading or from someone using
    a screen reader.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    In CSS, the hash (#) symbol is used, followed by the id name.  #name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The main difference between the two is that "section" gives meaning to your html structure,
    allowing screen readers to determine what part of the page they are looking at.  Divs provide no meaning
    and are used as generic containers.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to add styles to your HTML elements.  This can range from something as simple as changing the font color,
    to changing the visual structure of the webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    In css, elements are selected either by their tag name, class name, or id name.
    If you wanted to target every h2 on an html page, you could do so by using the tag name:
    h2 {...}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used to group one or more HTML elements for the purposes of giving them a shared style. 
    For example, if your webpage had multiple buttons that you wanted to all look the same, you would give them a class name
    of "btn" or "button" and use that class name in CSS to target ALL elements with that class name.
    An id is used to target only one HTLM element, and is either used to add a very specific styling to that element or target
    the element in javascript.  In CSS, ids are more specific than classes, so it allows you to override other styles so that you
    can add any specific styling you want to that element.  Perhaps you want one button to be red, you would give that button tag an id,
    and use css to override the color it inherited and change it to red.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Classes are selected using the . followed by the name of the class you're targetting.  Example:  .className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human will look for all p tags with a class name of "human"

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A paernt child selector will target all child elements that belong to the parent specified.  This would be useful if 
    you had multiple elements that share common selectors throughout your webpage, but only wanted to target the children elements
    of a parent element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseduo selector will select the matching element only when that element is under a certain state, such as being hovered over,
    or being clicked on.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: numeric value (line-height: 2)

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: numberic value (letter-spacing: 2px)

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    >To change everything to uppercase:
    text-transform: uppercase;
    >To change everything to lowercase:
    text-transform: lowercase;
    >To change only the first letter of a word to be capitalized:
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
